README.md, before:

# Primer CSS Tooltips

[![NPM version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/primer-tooltips.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/primer-tooltips)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/primer/tooltips.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/primer/tooltips)

> Add tooltips built entirely in CSS to nearly any element. Just add a few classes and an aria-label attribute.

This repository is a module of the full [primer-css][primer-css] repository.

## Install

This repository is distributed with [npm][npm]. After [installing npm][install-npm], you can install `primer-tooltips` with this command.

```
$ npm install --save primer-tooltips
```

## Usage

The source files included are written in [Sass][sass] (`scss`) You can simply point your sass `include-path` at your `node_modules` directory and import it like this.

```scss
@import "primer-tooltips/index.scss";
```

You can also import specific portions of the module by importing those partials from the `/lib/` folder. _Make sure you import any requirements along with the modules._

## Build

For a compiled **css** version of this module, a npm script is included that will output a css version to `build/build.css` The built css file is also included in the npm package.

```
$ npm run build
```

## Documentation

You can read more about other primer modules in the [full primer docs][docs].

<!-- %docs
title: Tooltips
homepage: https://github.com/primer/tooltips
status: Stable
-->

### Tooltips

Add tooltips built entirely in CSS to nearly any element. Just add a few classes and an `aria-label` attribute.

In addition, you'll want to specify a direction:

- `.tooltipped-n`
- `.tooltipped-ne`
- `.tooltipped-e`
- `.tooltipped-se`
- `.tooltipped-s`
- `.tooltipped-sw`
- `.tooltipped-w`
- `.tooltipped-nw`

Tooltip classes will conflict with Octicon classes, and as such, must go on a parent element instead of the icon.

```html
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-n border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip North
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-ne border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip North East
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-e border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip East
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-se border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip South East
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-s border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip South
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-sw border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip South West
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-w border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip West
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-nw border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip North West
</span>
```

#### Tooltips No Delay

By default the tooltips have a slight delay before appearing. This is to keep multiple tooltips in the UI from being distracting. There is a modifier class you can use to override this. `.tooltipped-no-delay`

```html
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-n tooltipped-no-delay border p-2" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip no delay
</span>
```

<!-- %enddocs -->

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE) &copy; [GitHub](https://github.com/)

[primer-css]: https://github.com/primer/primer
[docs]: http://primercss.io/
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/
[install-npm]: https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/installing-node
[sass]: http://sass-lang.com/

Commit message:

add multiline tooltips to README

README.md, after:

# Primer CSS Tooltips

[![NPM version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/primer-tooltips.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/primer-tooltips)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/primer/tooltips.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/primer/tooltips)

> Add tooltips built entirely in CSS to nearly any element. Just add a few classes and an aria-label attribute.

This repository is a module of the full [primer-css][primer-css] repository.

## Install

This repository is distributed with [npm][npm]. After [installing npm][install-npm], you can install `primer-tooltips` with this command.

```
$ npm install --save primer-tooltips
```

## Usage

The source files included are written in [Sass][sass] (`scss`) You can simply point your sass `include-path` at your `node_modules` directory and import it like this.

```scss
@import "primer-tooltips/index.scss";
```

You can also import specific portions of the module by importing those partials from the `/lib/` folder. _Make sure you import any requirements along with the modules._

## Build

For a compiled **css** version of this module, a npm script is included that will output a css version to `build/build.css` The built css file is also included in the npm package.

```
$ npm run build
```

## Documentation

You can read more about other primer modules in the [full primer docs][docs].

<!-- %docs
title: Tooltips
homepage: https://github.com/primer/tooltips
status: Stable
-->

### Tooltips

Add tooltips built entirely in CSS to nearly any element. Just add a few classes and an `aria-label` attribute.

In addition, you'll want to specify a direction:

- `.tooltipped-n`
- `.tooltipped-ne`
- `.tooltipped-e`
- `.tooltipped-se`
- `.tooltipped-s`
- `.tooltipped-sw`
- `.tooltipped-w`
- `.tooltipped-nw`

Tooltip classes will conflict with Octicon classes, and as such, must go on a parent element instead of the icon.

```html
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-n border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip North
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-ne border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip North East
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-e border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip East
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-se border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip South East
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-s border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip South
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-sw border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip South West
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-w border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip West
</span>
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-nw border p-2 mb-2 mr-2 float-left" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip North West
</span>
```

#### Tooltips No Delay

By default the tooltips have a slight delay before appearing. This is to keep multiple tooltips in the UI from being distracting. There is a modifier class you can use to override this. `.tooltipped-no-delay`

```html
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-n tooltipped-no-delay border p-2" aria-label="This is the tooltip.">
  Tooltip no delay
</span>
```

#### Multiline Tooltips

To force longer tooltips to break to multiple lines, add the class `.tooltipped-multiline`

```html
<span class="tooltipped tooltipped-n tooltipped-multiline border p-2" aria-label="This is the tooltip, it says a lot of stuff that sometimes breaks lines.">
  Tooltip with multiple lines
</span>
```

<!-- %enddocs -->

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE) &copy; [GitHub](https://github.com/)

[primer-css]: https://github.com/primer/primer
[docs]: http://primercss.io/
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/
[install-npm]: https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/installing-node
[sass]: http://sass-lang.com/
